## Destription

The "do" directory consists of ModelSim/Questa-related ".do" and ".tcl" scripts responsible for compiling libraries, automizing code compilation and executing HDL simulations from vsim console.

The file named "modules.tcl" is automatically generated by the environment. This file contains compile order of files that were added to the project while running "make src".


## How to Use

General workflow with the use of a board file generator with make:

0. Make sure you are in the project root directory and entered your desired FPGA Part number in "./vivado.mk":
Example: PART = xc7k160tffg676-1

1. Reset the project by typing the following to the command line:
Example 1: make reset
Example 2: make reset PART=genesys2

2. Add all HDL file(s) under the top HDL module to the Vivado project by typing the following to the command line:
Example: make src TOP=reset.vhd

2. 1. Open Vivado in mode GUI to verify these modules were added to Vivado successfully:
Example: make gui

2. 2. Check your modules.tcl file whether files were added correctly.

3. To enable Questa simulator, make sure you ran "make sim_init" first. This generates modelsim.ini file necessary to use MoselSim/Questa simulator.

3. 1. To re/run simulation in mode batch, run the following command:
make sim

3. 2. To re/run simulation in mode GUI, run the following command:
make sim_gui

3. 2. 1. If you wish to rerun the simulation and recompile modules, type the following to the vsim console in Questa/ModelSim:
do run.do

3. 2. 1. If you wish to rerun the simulation, reset the wave window and recompile all modules, type the following to the vsim console in Questa/ModelSim:
do new.do


## TODO

Adapt to Questa from ModelSim since free version of Modelsim is not available anymore.

Write documentation about setting up Questa.

Currently, the Intel's license fixed to a single MAC ID limits the use of Questa in such a way that is not possible to use it while not connected to LAN network (at least on my Laptop: ROG Zephyrus G14). Network drivers that are unused will become hidden in the Device Manager.